now many concert goers at the Monroe
Civic Center last night were expecting
to hear our Kelly in concert they tell
our Jeromy Pierre that not only was it
not a concert but are now questioning
the entire performance fans from across
the south bought tickets for last
night's event at the Monroe Civic Center
flyers called it a birthday extravaganza
but ticket holders expected something
else
Ticketmaster stated that it was a sense
all-black affair or a Kelly performing
live which did not happen last night
this concert Gore who chooses to remain
anonymous says that it was not a concert
like she expected she and others on
Facebook are now questioning the
performance it was impersonator on stage
impersonate aura Kelly that may have
sung every bit of four minutes not even
a complete vibe and he did not even sing
he lips tongue she sent us this footage
from the concert and is asking for a
refund
we was scammed because we were there
Norah Kelly 11 o'clock Nora Kelly
12 o'clock Laura Kelly 12:45 Nora Kelly
1 o'clock here comes in the first inator
she saw the same performer in a
restaurant early this morning when you
tried to approach him for pictures the
two guys that was with him also stated
no pictures put two devices away no
pictures they blocked from taking
pictures it just was not right we
reached out to the party's promoter
Cedric Johnson who told ka noe that he
will be giving refunds
he also says quote I'm sorry I got duped
we asked if the performer was in fact
our Kelly and he declined to comment in
Monroe Jeremy Pierre can oe8 news now we
received calls emails and Facebook
messages about last night's event all
from people that bought tickets
believing it was a condom that is not a
very serious catfish I don't know what
is how is it you set up here and you
take
people's hard-earned money hiring $50 a
ticket to go see our Kelly and you don't
bring out our Kelly on the stage our
Kelly himself needs to sue those people
for using his name and using his image
because you tarnish in that man's name
idea you know when he posed to be in the
concert and you bring the impersonator
out trying to hustle that many people
there's a lot of money
now suppose they were getting their
money back yeah I want to see that if
they will get their money back
I mean dog I mean shoes let that dude go
to Vegas then they said to do with live
singing that daddy wasn't even singing
and why he thought he's gonna get away
with that
I like nobody's gonna notice I mean it's
sad that you came to trust Ticketmaster
anymore to put up a proper concert
because you can get catfished like
people get catfished all the time or
meeting people online cuz I know good
web I smoke money for me and my wife to
go see our Kelly
oh I'll be pissed off and I'll be ready
to sue somebody because that is a lot of
money to give out just to go to a
concert I don't know what y'all thinking
about hit me up in the comments to the
commentary Scotty you to town and when
they put on this weave do you notice
they attitude change they feel more
confident about themselves they feel
like the weave cables are sort of
superpowers and you plug in you cheat is
over with I can work anything else out
with you but I can't work out that G
because you violated